It should be all of the necklaces in the necklace folder in Lightroom that are just N with a number and nothing else written in the title. Tell them what other things like sold or sample bags. Well that's what we don't want. What we don't want is anything that says sold or sample bag or gave or gifted or donated. And then also you said a lot of them are just front and back but some of them have more. Yeah so it would be good to see all the ones that have multiples. So when you say all of the ones. You know if there's five. You want to see all the pictures? Yeah. Do you want to be in one screen or each on a separate screen or do you want it to be you can pick? I mean if it's all on one screen I can swipe them all at once. If they're separate then I have to swipe multiple times. But there's another thing. All those photos. Well they're all also in Microsoft Explorer. I don't know. Is there any. I guess Microsoft. I think Lightroom is probably easier. Okay. But and then so when you swipe do you need to be able to see them bigger? Like if it's let's say five photos do you need it or will you be able to just see okay I know that item I don't. Do you know what I mean? Or do you want to have like a cover photo that's bigger like the first one? It doesn't matter because I'm just going to look at it and decide if I like it or not. I know all the things. So you don't need it. So they can be small thumbnails? Well not too small. Well like if they're on my computer screen let's say there's like six. Well it's going to be on your phone. Oh no. You want on your computer? Yeah. But that way you'll be able to do it like you for example you could do like five minutes a day and you get a streak if you do. I'd rather do it on my computer. You could do both if you want but I would probably do it on my computer. I can't see my photos well enough on my phone. Okay. Alright. Okay. That'll be cool so I'll pick all the ones. That's a good idea. It'll be interesting to see how many there are. How many there are? I'll pick most of them unless they're really ugly. Yeah I mean you might want to do that and then also pick like top I don't know 20 to start with or something because you don't want to be spending like a hundred thousand dollars. You know what I mean like. Yeah I mean I'm sure there are some that are ugly that I won't want. Why don't I add like a star feature where you can say like this is like one of my favorites. So it'll be a yes or a yes plus or a yes star. Do you want to maybe? Okay. Do you or not? I mean. Well just put like one, two, three. You know one is. What about no? Zero, one, two, three. Okay. Or you could do it with words like yes, very yes, no, and maybe. Huh. Okay. Personally I would prefer yes, maybe, no, and star but. Okay that's fine too. But you don't have a preference? No. All right. Anything else? No. That'll be fun. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That'll be fun.
