wes anderson story boards
was moonrise popular 
16 is small?
was his most popular 
in between 
others
cost
cost and gross 
other storyboards 
why didn't u include darjeeling on list
ok
rocket lot
what's cult why
best scenes
plot summary 
ok shud we storyboard my own mental hospital experiences 
im remembering the time me and this guy who had very short hair like shaved down but not bald we stole no we worked w this guy. i was in the cafeteria and he said he went to jail i said why he said reading a matttress tag 
well shoving it down someone's throat
do u wanna draw the board
oh his name was nicholas
they let him go after they found us kisssing and trying to smoke a ciggy the mattress tag guy got his wife to give us through a whole i'm the screen. she drove in. shot of her car, us three watching through the screen, me nicholas and the tag guy who was older like over 6 ft big guy maybe bald or brown hair
then his wife handed him a handful (long shot of her walking towards us through the screen
also we asked everyone to distract the nurses. technically nicholas and i weren't in the room ? maybe just looking through the window. and he was. waiting for his wife
the wife was white trash
he yelled at her for breaking everyone "not a single one survived"
(close up of her hand trying to shove them all through)
no the actual frames are reel ratio
i was in the cafeteria alone w the jail guy when he told me that. sitting next to him. 
i also remember nicholas talked about "doctoring up" his soup
like pouring all packets of pepper
wife was older. he didn't leave. we were trapped 
just so bathroom steam shower reaaaaaal loose
they caught us in the bathroom
we were tryna smoke a cig
that came after
i asked the front desk the next day and they said he was gone. something about punching a hole in a wall 
it was rly hard to get it to light. and actually i think it was keyamine. he had keyamine somehow
btw my hair shorter 
i do t smoke
also adam my next boyfriend cause i was in there forever men just in and out also michael andrew first night etc i flashed andrew in the shower and anyway adam saved some what's it called in his mouth he came up to me couldn't talk, mouth full, spit it into my mouth 
ok good
oh yea and there was this curvy 16 year old kicked out of the kids ward who punched me in the head 8x caz i was sitting next to nicholas watching the matrix
cuz she was violent
then they sedated her and i watched through the tiny window at the top of the door
put a needle in her
she went down to the floor
then at night we colored together in the hallway and said who we'd hook up with (both: brittany this cute blonde girl, and older classy guy roger always in a bathrobe w glasses
ok great
yea wanna storyboard it
ok the room we were watching the matrix in was one long oval table, very cramped, me at the far end, nicholas next to me, but there were like 6 other ppl also watching it in there. we need two shots. one following the girl as she pads in their mad as hell, sees us together, then me, not paying attention. then, chaos, her punching me, nicholas moving away, three nurses at least one boy and one girl, maybe two bousC both with white or green gloves, grab herC wrestle her to the floor
tiger had a side part and brown hair maybe 45
the girl wasn't that fat and was some non white like latina or she had slightly african hair small curls longish 
ok that's good i like the pandemonium scene
make it reel style but can u make each beat so we can animate between
~9:16
nicholas is crew cut guy not roger
i remember nicholas also told me a story about something about a cell phone he thought was bugged
in cafeteria
throwing it away cuz he thought it was bugged
i also remember the way i was introduced to nicholas we were all playing cards in the main area which was this pretty big area w windows, where cigs came in
my teacher from wesleyan clearly gay and hitting on him trying to get him to play w him laughing too much, making suggestive comments that were slightly inappropriate if i recall
nicholas probs 19
then we played. it was rat slap and he was explaining how he could tell what cards were coming next - always the three of diamonds, and it never was - cause he was psychic 
storyboard?
then there was i forget his name
he "proposed to me" in a storage closet, w a aplastic ring he found
them there was jake
teaching me to put alll the green tea packets in styrofoam cup to get serious caffeine
there was a "class" on "religion" where brenda this bitch w white ringlets salt pepper hair curly bangs made us go around in a circle asking our religion
jake and i set up another class outside the door of the class room where he let everyone say their religion .but didn't  correct them like brenda did 
she was ?protestant?
even catholics. she was like "close" but gid is actually this or that (the diff btw protestant and catholic 
jake was into alchemy and he had a couple alchemy textbooks 
which he brought to flip through 
everyone said their beliefs. mine is and was craaazy i call it instrumentatism
believing what you can and can't believe
so i explained that
and no one knew what i was talking about probs
whatever
jake had a wife. he was always explaining he'd gone for the hot girl in high school and learned his lesson 
so then he married this 50 year old he was 30
but she was always worried about him and he'd been in the army
he was married so wouldn't touch me
one day he said my butt was cute we were sitting next to each other in the hall
i didn't love that
i liked him loyal to his wife
i did have a crush on him 
most maybe
last few days i just caught sight of him in his room. he looked rly bad
sweating, sheets all piled up curled around him
some sort of bad medicine reaction i guess. then he was gone
we had one final convo where he said bye. i said i was looking in on him
it was either bad medicine or withdrawal
voiceover "then...he was gone" 
also they caught me doing this weird pivot thing the bitch nurse chelsea w long shiny big curls brown hair rectangular glasses
behind the counter
spit it on floor
on the nasty carpet
i saw her eye seeing it
then the nice karen nurse
i was w jake, discussing alchemy and she had gloves and shot neon yellow shit in my arm
after she left jake said i took it like a champ
then
a scene
karen - same small oval room w table where dr sugarman and i had our final convo watched me. they changed the pills to hiuuge horse lookin pills like light blue and oval but i had to take them, and pretend i wasnt
put them in my gums 
idk if karen pretended not to notice cause she said we had to sit there for 15 minutes so i didn't spit them out but she wasn't angry. she was mad i deceived her but realized making ppl take medicine is against human rights
anyway i just watched whatever was on tv - turned to face it and passed 15 mins pretending to be extremely interested. might've been football
ok make a shot list
the end was about this blonde nurse kinda saintly
there was a scene where they diagnosed me w a thyroid condition
how do u know
im not lethargic 
i haven't gained any weight
how'd u know? looks disbelieving
we were in the padded room but unlocked
w the blue mars against the wall so i can't hurt urself.
"but these r actually for your health" little yellow pills, 2 maybe, tiny white cup
shook my head 
she left the room
finally when i was leaving, she was like "how'd. you know
lethargy etc
looked at me like a genius or superpowers
she told me i brought so much warmth here that ppl liked me (all the boys i dated)
and to bring that to the outside world
i was sitting against the wall, normal clothes on finally
got out finally
close shots of me looking around
snow on the ground
turning in circles
sort of half happy
it wasn't snowing when i went in
alpha picked me up hand on doorknob
turn around   , in circles
the music would be nice - calm low tones, melodic awe
good
after that i flew on a plane w alpha to pdx attendant mad that we laughed
tshirt ideas
we'd just met
he made up a facility 
told the front desk
he's asian 40 glasses
chaya set it up
important 
no why was it important 
do u have a full script
it's a movie
there was only one part i cried. this black doctor. i showed her my insane writing but its actually genius
about instrumentalism 
pretendland
the metaphor machine
they said i'd have to go to a permanent facility
i went to my room and sobbed
blonde nurse saw maybe
passed room
idk that feels like it would happen in a movie
i be also called my friend charlie
do u wanna hear the before part 
i spent a couple days in a storage shed
charlie was being mean
they sent a search party
his gf brenda was there
not eating anything 
sleeping 
went to the science library
a teacher asked me for advice about something
a poster he needed to make 
no it was after
can u zip everything i said ION ORDER
VERBSTIM
ok
no just chat order
basically just my side of the chat
exactttyttttyyy
