Choosing a Kitten
=================

I dreamt that I was with Isaac and this was like towards the end of the dream and I don't know we had decided OK let's get a kitten, but we were also kind of trying to like publish movies I guess and so we walked. We drove all the way to the kitten place, which was like kind of far and then we walked down this lake, narrow hallway on either side, where like the different kittens that we could pick and Isaac was saying something about how he like wanted to get like physically a traditional kitten with like a good body or something and I started have like a little bit of fear about like if we find what we were looking for because we were seeing all these like weird looking kittens and I was like somewhat excited. I was like oh cool we get to get a kitten, but I was also a little trepidation. I was like I didn't know if like it would work out if I wanted to take care of it and stuff, but Isaac didn't seem to think that was like a problem. I think we had been at dinner before when we made the plan we've been like talking maybe sort of disagreeing or something and then like we resolved it and like we have a common interest we both like kittens anyway so then finally we got to the end of the hallway and there is this guy who just like looked really like cool Silverlake guy and he basically had like this list of like there was like a short list of movies that have been picked for this competition and he had the page of the movies that had been picked, and then he also had the page of the movies that hadn't been picked, and he was basically like explaining something about like what you need to do to get picked, but this guy interrupted him who was like not cool it might've been the guy from that heaven video tour of heaven and he said he asked some technical question almost like autistic. He was like well. I just would like to be something something like before we get into this. Can you just tell us like what this array of I don't know is and then right then the cool Silverlake guy was like you know I actually have to go. I can't be here all day and then I was like OK. Can you just answer this question or can you just finish what you're gonna say and he was like started to finish it and then the guy asked the question again and then he was like I have to go I can't you know I have like parties to hop to or something like a cool phrase and so he like walked to his car and I got the sign that I was oh no, he said before he left like if anyone wants to come then come or something and so basically like I brought Isaac with me and we like followed him to his car and it was actually taking quite a while to get there and on the way we passed this woman who was like coming up from her garden it might've been like Bonnie or something and she was like holding. I thought it was a kitten cause I didn't look that hard and she was saying something like you know this rat is like pretty hard to get along with some days you hate it and some days you love it, but I was thinking I really don't am not interested in this so can we just skip this part but I was like I probably have to talk to her but then I asked about it and I didn't and I was able to just keep on walking for her and go past her and she was like kind of following us finishing her little monologue about her like rat anyway we walked to the parking lot. I finally got there right before the Cole Silverlake guy who looked a lot like that guy Michael was supposed to look from his picture on Hinge before our actual date so he was wearing like you know black boots black like oversize button-down over just like a black shirt and black pants and he had Like longest brown hair and he was like tall and kind of like bigger build like masculine but like kind of lanky still



And... I was, like, I just felt so lame, like, approaching him. He was like, either about to get in his, he was like in his car, just about to leave, had like turned on music. But then he was, like, between the cars and I was lik
