PCH Hotel and Cousins
=====================

And then, just now I had another quite long dream, and I remember, like, so, at one point, I was on the PCH, and I was like, hmm, where should I get off? I think I was trying to go home, but I didn't really want to. I, there was, I accidentally got off at this, like, hotel, and it was, like, so perfect, because I could just sit by the pool, and it was, like, a really nice hotel, actually. And then I had a white car, and I had heard a story earlier in the dream about someone that went there, and their car got stuck, like, had actually gone up the steps of the pool area, and then, but they just, like, sort of buddied up to some, like, person that worked there, and the person that worked there vouched for them and said, like, it wasn't their fault. And so I was like, oh, no, now I have to do that. Like, I don't want to buddy up with anyone. And, yeah, I had this white car, and it was, like, right there, and I was trying to figure out, I was like, you know what, I actually could just sleep here, and I think it would be fine. I think it would actually be more comfortable than my bed, because I'm on, like, away from home, so, you know. So I was going to sleep right next to my car, so that in the morning, and then there was another part where, also on the PCH, but this time, it was, like, or maybe, no, this time, maybe, basically, it was on the other side of the street, like the Palisades, and there was, like, a group of people that saw me there. Oh, yeah, and then they were, like, they asked me, like, are you regional? And I was like, I am, but I didn't know why, and I didn't think it would be a big deal. They were like, oh, we caught a regional one, and they kind of, like, funneled me into this, like, sort of, I don't know, like, not tunnel, like, maze, like, side street, I guess, where you was, like, going up, maybe it was, like, Topanga, and they were, like, really excited because they knew me because I was regional. And so they had all these pictures of me, and they'd been, like, they were, like, talking to each other, like, oh, we got a regional one, like, they'd been planning this, and they, each of them had something planned for me, like, oh, we, blah, blah, blah, you know, and they had, like, pictures of me laughing, and I was like, oh, my gosh. And then there was another part where something to do with, like, Charlotte and Tamar, and they had, like, all their, all those girl cousins, like, and something about they were all balancing, and Charlotte, who might have also been Nechama Esther, was, like, she was just, like, they were all just, like, extremely comfortable holding up, I guess, Talia. But there was so many of them, like, maybe, yeah, maybe, like, Kate, and whoever other girls are in, oh, yeah, and Emma, and what's her name? Olivia. And, and they were all just, like, balancing in this most precarious way, and Mitchell was there, and I was like, wow, how did Mitchell, like, teach them to do this thing? They seemed like they're doing it so effortlessly.
