cease-to-function  [1:42:27 – 1:50:44]

I thought we had learned enough here. So, I moved her ahead in time to another important day in her life. When I finished counting, her face clearly indicated that something was wrong. I was sent for to heal.

She seemed frightened. Where are you? In a room and they have locked the door. Who has locked the door?

The people who are here. It was a trick. Oh, you mean these people are not really ill? No, but you thought it was safe.

It was all right to go there. She was taking a long time to answer. Fear was evident. It is just a hut.

We have been here before. And they killed them. They killed the people who lived here. Who are the people who have locked the door?

They are They must be strangers. They are speaking together. I can hear them. I did not know if she was experiencing anything yet, but she was definitely afraid.

What do you think is going to happen? Uh, I must die. I don't wish to, but I must. Why?

What are they talking about?

I don't know. I cannot understand them. They speak in their strange words. Something unusual began happening here that worried me.

She took a deep breath and stopped talking. She seemed to be involved in something I didn't understand. She placed her hands together over her solar plexus, the fingers and thumbs touching and pointed outward with the arms and base of the hands resting over her solar plexus. The same positions she had shown me before when she was describing how she directed energy toward the initiates.

This time it appeared different. Something was not right. She was too intense. It made me uncomfortable.

She was concentrating deeply on something and her breathing began to alter. I had a feeling the entity was doing something to herself. She had said that she would have to kill herself in the event of capture. Was the power of the druids so powerful that they had control over their own life and death?

I didn't know and I didn't want to find out. It is said that the subconscious is protecting the person even at this deep state of hypnosis and that the subject is never in any danger. But the intense concentration of her focusing and the altering of her breathing made me feel uneasy. I was afraid maybe the druidess was powerful enough that she could harm this present-day body structure without really meaning to as she destroyed her life in the seventh century.

Possible, I don't know. But I didn't care to take a chance with messing around with power like that. Last week she had brought forward tremendous energy that she had accumulated from that entity. I thought it would be safer to remove her from the intense concentration and get her out of the situation.

Better safe than sorry. Okay, I will count to three and you can be removed from this situation and look back on it and tell me what happened. It will be easier that way, won't it? No answer.

I insisted. Will it be easier that way?

Yes. I had finally broken her concentration. Okay, I will count to three and it will be over and you can look back on it and describe it without any involvement. I think that will be much kinder.

1 2 3 Whatever happened has already happened and you can look back on it without any emotional involvement. Talk about it objectively. I was very relieved when she lowered her hands and began breathing normally once more. Can you tell me what happened?

It was decided that the best method of which to end this life would be simply to cease to function. Did you have the power to do such a thing? Yes. I felt chills at the words cease to function.

I think I made the right decision to remove her from the concentration. Others have said that probably nothing would have happened at all, but they were not present. I believe it might have been too risky to find out otherwise. I always try to obey my instincts in these instances.

Safety of the subject is the primary concern. Karen and I were the only ones in the house during this session. I did not have the advantage of Harriet's experience or advice to guide me. This was the only time in 30 years experience that I have encountered a situation that frightened me and caused me to question my ability to handle it.

Apparently, the druides possessed great power, and I am glad I didn't have to see how far that power could reach. Now that she was out of danger, I relaxed and tried to regain my composure as I continued. Do you think these were the people that were going to hurt you to try to use your power? They wish for knowledge.

Yes. But you couldn't understand their language. How could they have made you tell them secrets? When they first spoke, they spoke in the language of the people.

So they knew how to speak the language. But I was not able to understand them when they spoke among each other. Do you think they would have done something to make you reveal your secrets?

They would have tried. I had no wish to fail if they had tried. Therefore, I removed the problem.

You just ceased to function.

Yes. They were very angry. They could not stand the thought that the possibility of having that power had been snatched away from them. They looked for a weapon and they thought that it possibly was poison that I had taken.

But you had no choice, did you? I could not face the thought of breaking under the pressure they would exert, for never could I go and be with my friends and worship my lady. Therefore, there was no point to continue this existence. Then you feel that what you did was right to do.

Others have done the same thing. Yes, in that case it was the only thing you could do. Do you see any of your other friends now that you have left the body?

Yes, they are with me.

Oh, that is good. You will get to be with them for a while. Sometimes things happen that we don't really like that we don't want to do. But these are things we can't control.

I think you were a very brave person, a very good person. You had much knowledge. You just didn't want it to be used the wrong way, to fall into the wrong hands. My people, they strive for knowledge to use for good.

And we swear an oath so that this power shall not fall into the hands of those who have greed or malice. Because this is what brought down the fathers of my people a long time ago. This is what we swear. Yes, there is no way it can be used in a bad way.

You're a very noble person, a very good person.
