ceremonies-grove  [4:56:58 – 5:08:45]

But do you do this as a group? Usually we do because it's more effective that way. As individuals, we can do some of it as a personal meditation, but it's most effective to get together as a group and all join together and use our energy together because it seems to magnify somehow. 

Where do you do this? In the grove of trees? 

Yes. 

Do you have a certain kind of a ritual or ceremony? Well, before we start, we all go to the grove of trees and all of us find that particular spot that we feel comfortable with. The kind of a spot where we can tune in to the earth mother. We all go to our favorite spot and get ourselves prepared for it because it takes some preparation first. And we clear our minds and relax the body and don't think about things that have been going on during the day. But just start picturing. Well, there's two things one can picture. One can either picture a white light and you're diving into this white light like you would dive into a pool on a summer day. Okay. But the main thing I don't want you to do it right now. I just want you to tell me the procedure. I had noticed some changes in her physical reactions. That's what I'm doing. 

Okay. because it would be dangerous for you to do it out there anyway while you're looking for your truffles. Just tell me the procedure. And another way of doing it would be to picture a night full of stars when the moon is not shining and think that you are flying up to the stars in the depths of the blackness. Either way, you do it so as to push away the limitations of being one person. It sounds like it would be very enjoyable. it is. And then after you feel ready, the group gets together and we sit around in a circle on the ground and join hands. And usually when we do this, there will be something in the middle of the circle for us to concentrate on for those of us who need something visual to look at. Anything in particular? Usually a design done on the ground with rocks or pebbles or something. Any particular design? It depends. Sometimes it's the pentagram and sometimes it's a design that's not supposed to mean anything just to help you to push back the barriers. Then you look at this. Yes. And since we're holding hands, our energy is all flowing together. And from there, we can direct the energy for whatever purpose we're gathered for. If it's for the purpose of exploring the universe, then we all picture falling into either the white light or the depths of space. and we travel together with our minds and see many wondrous things. 

You don't have any drinks or any herbs that you use at this time to help with this? 

No, we do have some drinks on hand that we use for certain purposes, but for this it is good to have a clear mind. In our time, people think your people sometimes use drugs in different ways. 

We do. 

That maybe the drugs would cause this feeling of being able to travel. No, this type of traveling you have to do with your mind. Now, sometimes on certain days of the year for celebrations, we'll get together with another group of the old religion that's not from this immediate area. And since we're not used to working with that other group, sometimes we'll take a drink that will help break down the barriers so that our energy can flow together as if we were one group. Because with the group that you work with all your life, it's very easy to push the barriers away. But when you work with a new group, it's difficult. And so the drink helps to break these barriers down. And see, it seems like we do it with a hidden part of the mind that most people are not in touch with. And pushing these barriers away like this also helps you to push away the internal barriers so that you can get in touch with all sides of your mind and work them together into one person. What kind of a drink is that? I'm not sure. Only a few know how to make it. There are certain herbs and berries that go into it. The berries are considered to be poisonous, but they're not actually poisonous. They're just powerful. They have a drastic effect on the body. And if you were to take too many of them, yes, they could kill you. But not because it's poison. It's just because it's strong. But we use these berries, plus some normal berries that taste good and certain herbs and flowers that have certain effects. And they're mixed together in certain proportions to have whatever effect is needed. And then it's stored and allowed to ferment like wine. But it really doesn't become alcoholic. Somehow the way it fermentss brings out the drugs and helps to combine them or concentrate them somehow. I don't know how it works. I'm not old enough yet to learn how to make that. But I watched them make it and I have gathered the herbs for it. It seems like you'd have to be very careful to get the right proportions. Yes. In order to get the desired effect because the different proportions cause different effects. What color are those berries that were considered poison? 

White. 

I was trying to think of what kind of plant it could be. But you mix them with other berries of different colors. 

Yes. 

You would have to be careful. If you got it in the wrong proportions, I suppose it wouldn't be a very pleasant experience. No, it could be made into a mixture that would kill somebody, but we don't do that usually. But there are different proportions that cause unbalanced effects. Unbalanced meaning compared to what is supposed to happen. 

What kind of effects would it have on the body if it was mixed incorrectly? 

One effect that is particularly frightening. It would make the heart beat too hard and fast. Or you could break out in a sweat all over and your skin would feel like it was on fire. or one might feel a sort of paralysis coming over them or different things like that. 

No, it wouldn't be very pleasant if you got the wrong combination. It's better to leave that to the ones who know how to mix it. 

Uh-huh. Well, are these the only times that you would use any kind of drugs when you get together? When one of our group is ill, sometimes we'll use a drug to help the pentagram casting to take effect, but usually it's just at these meetings. Do the ordinary people use any kind of drugs when someone is ill? Just meat and wine? Oh, when they're ill? No. Not unless someone comes who buys in herbs and such and uses some herbs to help them feel better. There are certain tree barks that help to dull pain from the willow. And there are certain herbs that when made into a drink are supposed to be a good tonic. 

I was just wondering how the church felt about using drugs and herbs for people that were sick. Oh, they're against it. But it doesn't prevent the common farmer from doing it anyway. What the church says people should do when they're ill is to pay an arm and a leg to the church and they'll send one of their educated doctors to take care of you. And that will also take care of a priest praying for your soul. So depending on I guess your state of grace, how sick you are, how well you are, it depends on how much you have to pay the church. Oh, that's what you mean by paying an arm and a leg. You pay a lot of what? Money or goods? 

Both. Either whatever you have. Then the only way you could be treated would be if you were wealthy. If you had these things, wouldn't it? 

Yes. Then they wouldn't treat the common people, would they? Usually, no. Unless a particularly good servant to a rich person falls sick. The rich person would pay to have their servant treated. 

Then it would seem like the ordinary people would come to your people, the people of the old religion, for help. Or do they do that? 

No. Sometimes some of the farmers will come and say, "I hear that you have a way with herbs. Could you help my daughter? She's sick." Or something like that. But that's all that is said. Even though much more is understood than what is said. I have so many questions. I'm glad you're being patient with me. That is no problem. Whenever you explored the universe, what did you find out there? What's your version of it? What's it like? It's hard to say. The way the universe is, it's hard to describe in things that you've seen on Earth that you can understand. On the one hand, the universe is like a gigantic sphere. Yet, on the other hand, the universe is like a tunnel that goes on and on and on forever and loops back on itself and tangles up on itself. and such as that. That's kind of like the way time is too. 

You found this out. 

Well, it seems that time and universe are the same. We have found out many things. It's hard to explain what we have found out. And if we would try to put it in words, we wouldn't have to worry about the priests finding out. The regular people would kill us first. Why? Because it was so strange. 

Yes. When you're doing these things, do you go out there and explore for a while as a group and then eventually come back to the grove? 

First, we'll go out and explore for a while as a group. And usually there'll be a purpose for us having met there anyway. And when we come back, we find out what's going on that could affect those of us in the old religion and prepare against that event. You don't want to be surprised then, 

right? And then we'll take care of other things. Like if there's a woman in the group that wants to conceive, we'll make her body receptive to conceiving. And if there's another woman who's been having problems with her back, then we are able to make the pain go away. Just different other things like that. With this woman conceiving, do you do this with your mind, with your thinking, or do you use herbs? 

No, with our thinking. There have been tales told over long periods of time. It sounds funny to me, but there have been people that said that you people actually flew. You actually used your body to go to do these different things and go different places. Well, sometimes some of the regular people would get an inkling of what we were doing, or we'd mention something that had happened far away, and they couldn't picture anything, but maybe one of us physically flying there and seeing it happen. It's hard to explain to them about projecting your mind and doing it with your mind instead. Because you can go anywhere you need by using the essence of your mind, using your higher essence. Then this is where the stories have come from, passed down. 

Yes.
