unicorn-rainbow  [7:08:34 – 7:14:13]

We've gone back to the time that Estelle lived. What are you doing? I'm sitting under an oak tree. For discipline of the mind.

There's a certain way of calming your thoughts. And I needed to get away from the house for a while and calm my thoughts. Why was something going on that you needed to get away from? Aggravated.

Just what usually goes on. I was just tired of it. The lady Joselyn was being her normal self and the cook was being her normal self. Rough was in a bad mood and everything was so noisy.

I just wanted some quiet.

And you went out to the Grove of Oaks?

Yes. What is the method you use to calm your mind? I'd like to try it sometime.

Different ways work better for different people. And the way that I use is I get comfortable and I close my eyes. And I imagine that there is a unicorn standing beside me. I like unicorns.

And I pretend there is a rainbow before me. And I get on the unicorn and we walk to the base of the rainbow. I'm riding the unicorn. And the unicorn keeps walking up the rainbow.

And we follow it up, up, up, and over. And when the rainbow comes back down, it comes down to whatever my heart's desires are. And I imagine all sorts of wonderful things. Oh, that's a beautiful mental picture.

And whatever you want is there. Do you use this often for meditation?

Yes. It's also a way of traveling, too.

Traveling where?

Anywhere you want to go.

You mean when you come back down on the other side, you would be where you want to be?

Yes. Not in your physical body, but in your mental body. Where would you normally like to travel to?

It depends. I go different places. This time though, I wanted some place that was peaceful and quiet and comfortable. And so when I came down at the end of the rainbow, there was a green pasture with some sheep and there was a stream.

And I was dangling my feet in the stream so they would cool off. And all I heard was the wind and the birds singing. A very peaceful scene. Is that what you're imagining now as you listen to me?

Yes. That's very nice. Well, you know, I've spoken to you before.

Yes.

And you were telling me some information when I had to leave, and there were some more questions I wanted to ask. Is it all right if I ask them?

Yes.

Okay. One of the things I wanted to know was about the rainbow for meditations. And now you've told me that. That's one way of using the rainbow.

Is there another way?

Yes, there are different ways of using the rainbow. One way that some people use is well, first I'll tell you in the house, the grand staircase in the main hallway, the bottom two or three steps is in the shape of the outside edge of the moon, a partial circle. They are curved. What some people like to do is imagine that the rainbow is a curved staircase and each color is a different stair step.

And they imagine they are taking each step up to the top of this curved staircase. And when they get to the top, whatever they want or whatever they are imagining will be there. That does not work very well with me, but it is one way of doing it. Wouldn't there be more steps than there are colors?

There are colors in all ways. I thought there were only about oh five or six colors in the rainbow. Well, it depends. If you use different shades of the colors, that would make more steps.

As you float from one color to the other, there are many shades in between each color. Yes, I can see that now. But it would just go up and it would be at the top of the stairs. Yes.

Are there other ways it could be used? Yes. I'm trying to think of ways that I've heard of, but I've never used because they don't work well for me. I think some imagine that they are flying through the rainbow the way a bird would, but I'm not sure how they do it.

So, I really don't know. All I know is that's the way they described it. I don't really know how it works. Did Grandal teach you these methods?

No. I'd heard about the stairstep method and I asked her about it and she said that's what worked for that person because that's what they could picture and she told me it does well to imagine something that you liked real well and imagine it in such a way to where you can accomplish something in your imagining and somehow use a rainbow in your imagining. And I thought that to myself about how well I like unicorns. So that's how I came up with writing a unicorn over the rainbow.

And when I get to the end, then whatever I want is there. That sounds like a very good method. I could picture that very easily. But everybody has different things that they can imagine.

Yes.

And that's a very peaceful, happy thing to imagine to make you feel good.

Yes.
